Aug 25 editorial edition (#97)
jbossorg/jbossorg.github.io: src/content/posts/weekly-2022-08-25.adoc

= This Week in JBoss - 25 August 2022
Pedro Silva
2022-08-25
:tags: quarkus, kubernetes, java, jakarta, infinispan, wildfly, cloud-native, openshift, kogito, drools, keycloak

Hi everyone!
It's great to be back and bringing you another edition of the JBoss Editorial.
As always there's a lot of exciting news and updates from JBoss communities so let's dive in.

== Release roundup

[square]

* link:https://quarkus.io/blog/quarkus-2-11-3-final-released/[Quarkus 2.11.3.Final released - Fix for CVE-2022-2466 and other bugfixes]

== Hola, 你好, こんにちは Quarkus

link:https://quarkus.io/blog/l10n-of-quarkusio/[Hola, 你好, こんにちは Quarkus], by Max Rydahl Andersen

Since the launch of Japanese link:http://ja.quarkus.io/[ja.quarkus.io], we got contributors translating the website into (simplified) Chinese at link:http://cn.quarkus.io[cn.quarkus.io] and recently we added Spanish at link:http://es.quarkus.io[es.quarkus.io] too. These sites are now accessible via the drop-down "globe" menu in the top-right corner.

== Using RHOSAK from WildFly

link:https://www.wildfly.org/news/2022/08/19/RHOSAK/[Using RHOSAK from WildFly], by Kabir Khan

> In this post Kabir will guide how to write a simple application which sends and receives messages to/from a Kafka instance using **RHOSAK**. RHOSAK - Red Hat OpenShift Streams for Apache Kafka, is a cloud service hosted by Red Hat which makes setting up, managing and scaling Apache Kafka instances very easy 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this post Kabir shows how to write a simple application which sends and receives messages to/from a Kafka instance using **RHOSAK**. RHOSAK - Red Hat OpenShift Streams for Apache Kafka, is a cloud service hosted by Red Hat which makes setting up, managing, and scaling Apache Kafka instances very easy 
```

== Getting started with AtlasMap

link:http://www.mastertheboss.com/java/getting-started-with-atlasmap/[Getting started with AtlasMap], by Francesco Marchioni

> In this article, Francesco shows the basics of AtlasMap data mapping solution. He also have covered the basic set up of the Web UI and how to use it to create a minimal mapping file. Finally, he have discussed two simple ways to use AtlasMap in your Java projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this article, Francesco shows the basics of the AtlasMap data mapping solution. He also covers the basic set up of the Web UI and how to use it to create a minimal mapping file. Finally, he discusses two simple ways to use AtlasMap in your Java projects.
```

== Optimize loops with long variables in Java

link:https://developers.redhat.com/articles/2022/08/25/optimize-loops-long-variables-java#why_optimization_was_added_for_long_variables[Optimize loops with long variables in Java], by Roland Westrelin

The just-in-time (JIT) compiler in OpenJDK improves Java performance through a number of optimizations, particularly in loops. Until recently, many optimizations worked only when the loop index was an int variable. In this article, Roland shows how the HotSpot virtual machine was upgraded to add the same optimizations for long variables.

== A DMN FEEL HANDBOOK

link:https://blog.kie.org/2022/08/a-dmn-feel-handbook.html[A DMN FEEL handbook], by Matteo Mortari

> In this announcement, Matteo are introducing an (experimental) DMN FEEL handbook, an helpful companion for your DMN modeling activities! You can access the FEEL handbook at link:https://kiegroup.github.io/dmn-feel-handbook/#dmn-feel-handbook[DMN FEEL handbook]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this announcement, Matteo introduces an (experimental) DMN FEEL handbook, a helpful companion for your DMN modeling activities! You can access the FEEL handbook at link:https://kiegroup.github.io/dmn-feel-handbook/#dmn-feel-handbook[DMN FEEL handbook]
```
